# pandas-challenge
Pandas Challenge for Module 4
After analyzing the data, I came to the conclusion that charter schools are outperforming their district counterparts. In analyzing the scores by school type, there was a large threshold between the average scores of the two types in all fields, in which charter schools have a higher passing rate by at least 16 percent at least and 37 percent at most. This data is supported in the scores by student population, in which charter schools completely fill the lists of school sizes considered small (<1000) and medium (between 1000 and 2000) by the scope of the analysis, but both categories are significantly higher in their score and pass-rate averages than the larger category school(2000-5000), in which all listed district institutions are included in. Looking at the financial data provided in the set, there are indications that schools that spent less capital per student had higher scores than the institutions that spent more on each of their students. Charter schools on average had a far smaller budget to work with than district schools, with the highest budget for a charter school being $1081356.00 and the lowest District school budget being $1763916.00. It seemed to indicate an inverse correlation that the less money on each student led to better results. However, correlation does not mean causation and more information is needed. At this time, there is little to be learned from the average scores and pass rates by grade, each institution has kept close to level averages across all grades from 9th to 12th, with little fluctuation. More can be gleaned if we can analyse the data by grade even further.  